Add note about IDistributedCache (#27816)
dotnet/AspNetCore.Docs: aspnetcore/performance/caching/output.md

## Cache storage

> <xref:Microsoft.AspNetCore.OutputCaching.IOutputCacheStore> is used for storage. By default it's used with <xref:System.Runtime.Caching.MemoryCache>. We don't recommend <xref:Microsoft.Extensions.Caching.Distributed.IDistributedCache> for use with output caching. `IDistributedCache` doesn't have atomic features, and that makes tagging brittle.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<xref:Microsoft.AspNetCore.OutputCaching.IOutputCacheStore> is used for storage. By default it's used with <xref:System.Runtime.Caching.MemoryCache>. We don't recommend <xref:Microsoft.Extensions.Caching.Distributed.IDistributedCache> for use with output caching. `IDistributedCache` doesn't have atomic features, and that makes tagging brittle. We recommend to create custom <xref:Microsoft.AspNetCore.OutputCaching.IOutputCacheStore> implementations using direct dependencies on the underlying storage mechanism, like Redis.
```

Reviewer: I added more thoughts to it, feel free to use it as you want.

> <xref:Microsoft.AspNetCore.OutputCaching.IOutputCacheStore> is used for storage. By default it's used with <xref:System.Runtime.Caching.MemoryCache>. We don't recommend <xref:Microsoft.Extensions.Caching.Distributed.IDistributedCache> for use with output caching. `IDistributedCache` doesn't have atomic features, and that makes tagging brittle.

Reviewer 2: > that makes tagging **_brittle_**.

_brittle_ probably won't MT

Author: ```suggestion
<xref:Microsoft.AspNetCore.OutputCaching.IOutputCacheStore> is used for storage. By default it's used with <xref:System.Runtime.Caching.MemoryCache>. We don't recommend <xref:Microsoft.Extensions.Caching.Distributed.IDistributedCache> for use with output caching. `IDistributedCache` doesn't have atomic features, which are required for tagging.
```

Reviewer 2: awesome

> <xref:Microsoft.AspNetCore.OutputCaching.IOutputCacheStore> is used for storage. By default it's used with <xref:System.Runtime.Caching.MemoryCache>. We don't recommend <xref:Microsoft.Extensions.Caching.Distributed.IDistributedCache> for use with output caching. `IDistributedCache` doesn't have atomic features, which are required for tagging.

Author: ```suggestion
<xref:Microsoft.AspNetCore.OutputCaching.IOutputCacheStore> is used for storage. By default it's used with <xref:System.Runtime.Caching.MemoryCache>. We don't recommend <xref:Microsoft.Extensions.Caching.Distributed.IDistributedCache> for use with output caching. `IDistributedCache` doesn't have atomic features, which are required for tagging.  We recommend that you create custom <xref:Microsoft.AspNetCore.OutputCaching.IOutputCacheStore> implementations by using direct dependencies on the underlying storage mechanism, such as Redis.
```

> <xref:Microsoft.AspNetCore.OutputCaching.IOutputCacheStore> is used for storage. By default it's used with <xref:System.Runtime.Caching.MemoryCache>. We don't recommend <xref:Microsoft.Extensions.Caching.Distributed.IDistributedCache> for use with output caching. `IDistributedCache` doesn't have atomic features, which are required for tagging.  We recommend that you create custom <xref:Microsoft.AspNetCore.OutputCaching.IOutputCacheStore> implementations by using direct dependencies on the underlying storage mechanism, such as Redis.

Author: removing extra space
```suggestion
<xref:Microsoft.AspNetCore.OutputCaching.IOutputCacheStore> is used for storage. By default it's used with <xref:System.Runtime.Caching.MemoryCache>. We don't recommend <xref:Microsoft.Extensions.Caching.Distributed.IDistributedCache> for use with output caching. `IDistributedCache` doesn't have atomic features, which are required for tagging. We recommend that you create custom <xref:Microsoft.AspNetCore.OutputCaching.IOutputCacheStore> implementations by using direct dependencies on the underlying storage mechanism, such as Redis.
```
